Just a Small Typo fix (#13)
project-error/projecterror.dev: docs/npwd/start/Intro.md

## Standalone Information & Installation

We have designed *NPWD* to be generally framework agnostic, meaning that it can easily be 

> integrated with both popular open source frameworks like ESX & QBCore or any arborators 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integrated with both popular open source frameworks like ESX & QBCore or any arbitrary 
```

  - 0.01 ms on idle and 0.05 while in use.
- [Twitter](https://i.imgur.com/BjwovRR.png)
  - Like, reply, retweet, report and delete your own Tweets.
  - Send emojis and images directly from the phone's gallery, or from an external URL. *Gifs too!*

>   - NPWD features discord logging so all reported tweets will be sent to the configured web hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - NPWD features discord logging so all reported tweets will be sent to the configured webhook.
```

- [Notes](https://i.imgur.com/0Hvvlah.png)
  - Something you want to remember in game? Make a note!
- [Calculator](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55056068/147531020-b7527a69-0b0e-4e81-83c7-58ad836eab23.png)

>   - Reform calculations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Perform calculations. 
```

  - Use a slider to set ringtone and notification alert volume.
  - Copy your phone number to clipboard for easy sharing.
  - Configure a chosen ringtone or alert sound.
  - Choose between **twelve** languages as of v1.0.
  - Change frames, icon sets and themes.
  - Adjust Zoom (100% to 70%).
  - Filter notification preferences.
- Discord Logging
  - Follow our [documentation](../start/Install.md#setting-up-discord-log-integration) for initial setup.

>   - Never used a web hook before? Follow Discord's [documentation](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/228383668-Intro-to-Webhooks) for creating a web hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Never used a webhook before? Follow Discord's [documentation](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/228383668-Intro-to-Webhooks) for creating a webhook.
```
